First pass at Feature Detection (#63)
decentralized-identity/identity-hub: spec/spec.md

## Interfaces

### Feature Detection

Identity Hub specification defines standard Hub configurations to maximize interoperability 
(see Hub Configurations), as well as the option for implementations to support a custom subset 

> of the Interfaces and features defined in the specification. As such, is beneficial to provide 
> an explicit means for detecting the Interfaces and features a given implementation supports. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the Interfaces and features defined in the specification. It is therefore beneficial to provide
an explicit means by which to detect the Interfaces and features supported by a given deployment.
```

The Feature Detection interface is the means by which a Hub expresses support for the Interfaces 
and features it implements.

#### Object Definition

> A compliant Identity Hub Profile interface ****MUST**** produce a Feature Detection object 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A compliant Identity Hub Profile interface **MUST** produce a Feature Detection object 
```

defined as follows:

```json
{
  "@context": "https://identity.foundation/schemas/hub",
  "@type": "FeatureDetection",
  "interfaces": { ... }
}
```

> All compliant Hubs ****MUST**** respond with a valid Feature Detection object when receiving 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All compliant Hubs **MUST** respond with a valid Feature Detection object when receiving 
```

the following request object:

```json
{
  "@context": "https://identity.foundation/schemas/hub",
  "@type": "FeatureDetectionRead"
}
```

##### Properties & Values

The following properties and values are defined for the Feature Detection object:

> - The value of the `interfaces` property ****MUST**** be an object, composed of the following 
>   optional properties: 
>     - The object ****MAY**** contain a `profile` property. If the property is not present, 
>     it indicates the Hub implementation does not support any aspects of the interface. If the 
>     property is present, its value ****MUST**** be an object that ****MAY**** include any of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The value of the `interfaces` property **MUST** be an object, composed of the following 
  optional properties: 
    - The object **MAY** contain a `profile` property. If the property is not present, 
    it indicates the Hub implementation does not support any aspects of the interface. If the 
    property is present, its value **MUST** be an object that **MAY** include any of the 
```

    following properties, wherein a boolean `true` value indicates support for the interface 
    capability, while a boolean `false` value or omission of the property indicates the interface 
    capability is not supported:
      - `ProfileRead`
      - `ProfileWrite`
      - `ProfileDelete`

>     - The object ****MAY**** contain a `collections` property. If the property is not present, 
>     it indicates the Hub implementation does not support any aspects of the interface. If the 
>     property is present, its value ****MUST**** be an object that ****MAY**** include any of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The object **MAY** contain a `collections` property. If the property is not present, 
    it indicates the Hub implementation does not support any aspects of the interface. If the 
    property is present, its value **MUST** be an object that **MAY** include any of the 
```

    following properties, wherein a boolean `true` value indicates support for the interface 
    capability, while a boolean `false` value or omission of the property indicates the interface 
    capability is not supported:
      - `CollectionsQuery`
      - `CollectionsWrite`
      - `CollectionsDelete`

>     - The object ****MAY**** contain a `actions` property. If the property is not present, 
>     it indicates the Hub implementation does not support any aspects of the interface. If the 
>     property is present, its value ****MUST**** be an object that ****MAY**** include any of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The object **MAY** contain a `actions` property. If the property is not present, 
    it indicates the Hub implementation does not support any aspects of the interface. If the 
    property is present, its value **MUST** be an object that **MAY** include any of the 
```

    following properties, wherein a boolean `true` value indicates support for the interface 
    capability, while a boolean `false` value or omission of the property indicates the interface 
    capability is not supported:
      - `ActionsQuery`
      - `ActionsWrite`
      - `ActionsDelete`

>     - The object ****MAY**** contain a `permissions` property. If the property is not present, 
>     it indicates the Hub implementation does not support any aspects of the interface. If the 
>     property is present, its value ****MUST**** be an object that ****MAY**** include any of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The object **MAY** contain a `permissions` property. If the property is not present, 
    it indicates the Hub implementation does not support any aspects of the interface. If the 
    property is present, its value **MUST** be an object that **MAY** include any of the 
```
